The wind blows unimpeded
Next
I made this bottle of yours, I'm the guru
You humiliated me so much
Beauty
I already told you that the grandmaster and I are like ants
What about these people?
It's better to hang out on the street
My old family is ashamed and my heart is broken
In this life, I am afraid that my boyfriend has made progress
It's not just about killing people
You still kill
Good, very good.
But more than enough to see
So much.
The bottle in his hand is rare and has spiritual energy flowing
He is the magic weapon
Nice
I don't see the slightest fluctuation in that kid's body
Could this be Ye Huo's confidence?
No wonder this kid doesn't even care about Zu
Hmph, so that's it, Ye Huan
I'll make you a deal.
I like the bottle in your hand.
I can.
I will exchange this jade seal for you.
No, you are trying to kill my son
This bottle is a treasure
Without this bottle, my son's life is lost.
Oops husband
Stupid woman, that's the Ye family heirloom
Is this heirloom more important or is the broken bottle more important?
That's not a broken bottle.
If he didn't have this bottle
It always kills him
At the end
It seems that your son is the most important thing in your heart
Don't you care about the family heirloom?
That's not what I meant.
Except he was right.
It's just a run-down house
How can we talk to our Ye family heirloom
I change
Hahaha, but I have a condition.
What kind of condition?
You just humiliated the beauty and kiss
Call them auntie and little auntie.
I'll give you a chance to get the magic weapon
you
No.
Even he said it was a magic weapon, so it definitely couldn't be done
Wait until I get this one
You can show your face in front of the headquarters
You can also stand up for the Zhao family
aunt
little aunt
Humph
All right.